docs: Add frontmatter to `standards/*` pages (#23095)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/standards/closed-loop-token/action-request.mdx

---
title: Action Request

> description: Tokens do not allow transfers, conversions, or spends by default. To allow these actions, an `ActionRequest` is used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Tokens do not allow transfers, conversions, or spends by default. To allow these actions, use an `ActionRequest`. 
```
